Abandoning consideration for one's own body, one should contemplate with a firm mind that, 'I am everywhere'. When this is seen (by means of concentrated insight) one does not see another and thus becomes happy.
Advaita is a fact, the fact that there is only one reality. 
A glimpse of our true nature (if that is what your experience was) only rarely leaves us established in peace and happiness. It marks only our entry on the path.
All desires are the desire to return to our self from which we seem to have strayed.
All experience is absolutely real. There are no real illusions. If they were real illusions, there would, by definition, be a reality to them. An illusion is only an illusion from the illusionary point of view of an illusion!
All is well and unfolding as it should.
All objects of the body and mind are temporary, and yet everyone seeks permanent peace and happiness. Hence the vast majority of humanity is seeking for permanent peace and happiness in a temporary object – a state of the body and mind – and hence the search for peace and happiness, of which the spiritual search is simply a refinement, is destined to fail.
All that is known of the sensation is the knowing of it, and that knowing belongs to our own intimate being. It doesn’t belong to an object. There is no independent object present there for it to belong to in the first place. It is our self, our own being, which lends its own reality to the sensation and gives it apparent reality. The true and only reality of the sensation belongs to our self.
All the directions should be contemplated upon simultaneously in one's own body as space or void. The mind (too) being free from all thoughts becomes dissolved in the vacuous space of consciousness).
All the mind can know is the mind – thinking, sensing and perceiving – but the knowing with which it knows itself does not belong to itself It belongs to something far greater than itself, just as the light with which the moon illumines objects at night belongs to something far greater than itself – it belongs to the sun.
All thoughts, feelings and perceptions shine primarily with the light of our essential nature, by which they are illumined or known, irrespective of their particular characteristic, just as all images shine with the light of the screen.
All thoughts that revolve around an imaginary inside self leave an echo or imprint in the body that lasts long after the sense of separation has dissolved. In this way the body becomes a safe refuge for the sense of separation.
All we know is experience, but there is no independent ‘we’ or ‘I’ that knows experience. There is just experience, or experiencing, and experiencing is not inherently divided into one part that experiences and another part that is experienced.
Anger is the result of frustration, a revolt against the flow of things. This type of reaction is a by-product of ignorance, which is the belief to be a separate individual, a victim.
A non-dualistic experience of the world will lead to the proper action, compassionate, practical, non judgmental, or to the proper passivity, depending upon the circumstances. The absence of conflict between love and intelligence is the benchmark of proper, impersonal action.
A perception doesn’t perceive. That’s the bad news. The good news is that we are the awareness that perceives, and that we somehow know this awareness. 
As a result of concentration on the pleasures of the senses,such as music or song, the yogis experience equal happiness (or pleasure) within. By being (thus) absorbed the yogi ascends beyond the mind and becomes one with tat (supreme).
As a separate entity, you try to maximize your profit and advantage -a very short sighted view of life. As universal consciousness, you do your best to reach a deal that makes both parties happy. A satisfied customer will be a return customer or will prescribe your products or services to other customers, a dissatisfied vendor won’t deliver good services.
As human beings, we are all beautifully different. The more we liberate ourselves from the belief that we, consciousness, are a this separate human body-mind, the more its specific qualities blossom. The perfect human community is not made of identical soldiers, wearing the same uniform, saluting everything that moves, but of free spirits, happy, artistic, creative, non judgmental, diverse, like the flowers on the meadow.
As individuals, we don’t live, we are lived. As this Presence, we are Life itself.
Ask yourself, “In my experience, do I stand separate from that which I perceive?”  Your experience is the only point of reference in deciding this question.
As long as there is a body-mind in existence, there are sensations and thoughts. That which is not present in a realized being is the belief or feeling of separation, and all the suffering and sense of lack that goes with it.
As long as we believe to be the personal doer of our deeds, there will be guilt about those of our past actions that originated from ignorance, and any effort to block such a sense of guilt is doomed to failure unless we address its root cause, separation.
A spontaneous action is one that is part of and in harmony with the universal flow, with the Tao. Spontaneous doesn’t mean instantaneous. A reaction can be instantaneous and still originate from a sense of separation from the rest of Reality. Conversely, an action may be deliberate and delayed and still be harmonious.
As we abide knowingly as this aware Presence, it reveals itself to be not simply the neutral background and substance of experience but one that is synonymous with peace, love and happiness.
As we become accustomed to taking our stand as empty, transparent presence of Awareness, we cease adding new threads to the dense, colourful fabric of the pseudo-self and it begins to become old and worn out, more and more threadbare, falling apart at the seams.
At home when you meditate, don’t make a duty out of it.  Wait until you want to do it, until you are interested.
At the time of asserting, "I am," "This is mine," and so on,by inspired meditation on That (that highest reality), the mind becomes support-less.
Be acutely aware of the actual experience of your body. It is made of body sensations floating in the space of your awareness. Surrender, offer these sensations to the presence, to that space in which they appear.
Be open to the possibility that awareness is not mind dependent, but that in fact the opposite is true: according to your own experience, mind is awareness dependent. There are no thoughts without awareness, but there is awareness without thoughts.
Be open to the very simple possibility that this ordinary awareness which is understanding these words right now is in fact infinite and immortal. Be nothing else than that which you directly know to be.
Birth is a series of sensations and perceptions experienced by you. That you is not a sensation or perception; it knows all sensations or perceptions.
By entering that state preceding sleep, where the awareness of the outer world has faded, (the mind is absorbed in the threshold state) which the supreme goddess illumines.
By gazing on the space that appears variegated by the rays of the sun or an oil lamp, there the nature of one's essential self is illumined.
By meditating on the entire form of the universe and the course of its development through time and space, gradually dissolve the gross into the subtle and the subtle into the state of being beyond, until the mind is finally dissolved (into pure consciousness).
Can we find any limit to our self, aware Presence? The mind may imagine limits, but do we actually experience any?
Close your eyes and just go in a childlike way to the raw experience of the body. Simply contemplate your actual experience and, divested of superimposition and interpretation, its nature will reveal itself to itself.
Consciousness is a reality
Consciousness is its own reality
Consciousness is the reality of our experience, that which truly perceives it. If there is only one reality, consiousness must also be the substance of everything.
Consciousness is the reality of the universe
Consciousness is the timeless and spaceless place that contains, actualizes and perceives all the times, all the minds, and all the places
Consciousness is the witnessing reality, not the witnessed appearance.
Contemplate on consciousness, such as one's own and even in another's body as well. Thus abandoning all physical expectation, one becomes all-pervasive in the course ofime.
Contemplate on the thought of being in the supreme consciousness again and again; this is also japa. That self- sound (which is spontaneously produced) is verily the soul of mantra. Japa is done like this.
Do not be a person, do not be anything.
Do not reject the body sensations and emotions that present themselves to you. Let them blossom fully in your awareness without any goal or any interference from the will. Progressively, the potential energy imprisoned in muscular tensions liberates itself, the dynamism of the psychosomatic structure exhausts itself, and the return toward fundamental stability takes place.
Don’t expect anything (for yourself or from others) and you will get everything
Do you want freedom and happiness or do you want to eat less? You cannot use your understanding of the Truth as a gimmick to cure you from your addiction to food, because doing so you perpetuate and reinforce ignorance, the belief that there is an addict.
During the moments when you are not motivated to find Truth, you are motivated by something else. Enjoy it, for as long as it lasts. Seeking is not your primary duty, happiness is.
Effort is noticeably different from an action we accomplish out of interest, love, or celebration.  Such a deed stemming out of interest may be taxing for the body or the mind, but it is accompanied by joy and perfume.
Emptiness is form and form is emptiness
Enlightenment is a non objective experience that occurs in consciousness as a result of which the belief that we are a separate individual with choice and control is questioned and drops away.
Enlightenment is the result of our desire for it. The only obstacle to enlightenment is our desire for something else than enlightenment, something such as a state, an object of some sort. That which in us desires liberation is not an individual, but freedom itself. And freedom can choose anything.
Every cell, every organ in our body has been conditioned to seek happiness outside.  When we start seeking happiness in its pure form, the deconditioning begins.  It is not in the body, not in the mind, not in the world.
Every experience is illumined or known by our self, and that knowing is intimately connected to whatever is known – they cannot be separated. In fact, we have no knowledge of an object apart from our knowing of it. We cannot therefore say that we know an object, as such, but rather that we know only our knowing of it.
Everything happens in this Presence, but nothing happens to it.
Everything that appears in awareness is nothing other than awareness, your co-workers, clients, superiors, absolutely everything, including the premises, the furniture and the equipment. First understand this intellectually, then verify that this is so. 
Everything that arises in the mind and in the world is this Presence exercising its infinite power to create, to sustain, to dissolve.
Fixing the mind in the outer space, which is eternal,without support, void, omnipresent and beyond estimation or calculation, one enters into the formless, unmanifest dimension.
Follow your bliss and not the preacher who tells you to stay in his tiny church.
From our parents, we should take the love and ignore the rest, the desire to control us, the fear, etc, hoping they will do the same with us. We cannot turn them into truth lovers. We should understand their limitations. There comes an age when we don’t see them as parents any longer, but as friends. It is much easier to accept the shortcomings of our friends than those of our parents.
Happiness, like peace, is inherent in our self. It is our self.
Happiness rests at the heart of all experience, waiting to be recognised.
Have we changed and grown old as the body changes and grows old? Was it not our self, this very self that is present now, that was aware of the infant, the child, the teenager and the adult in all their forms and throughout all their changes?
How could consciousness possibly experience its own absence? What or who could have this experience, if not consciousness itself? but then it requires the presence of consciousness. Therefore the experience of the absence of consciousness is impossible. 
How do you know that there is perceiving and that perceiving is real? Is it because you have learned it in school or because your parents have told you that such is the case? Obviously not.
How do you know there is something else than consciousness, since everything you know appears in consciousness?
If one concentrates on eating and drinking and the happiness obtained by that joy of taste, from such contemplation of enjoyment arises the state of fullness, which then becomes supreme joy or bliss.
If one concentrates on the body as a void, even for a moment, with the mind free from thought, then one attains thoughtlessness and verily becomes that form of void known as Bhairava).
If there are more than one realities, one of these realities must be the ultimate reality of all, and must also be the ultimate reality of the perceiver, the ultimately real perceiver, the only one that matters.
If there is anger, there is still (the belief in) someone angry.
If the separate, inside self has been clearly seen, in our actual experience, to be and to have always been non-existent, the separate self will not be recreated. This does not mean, however, that the old residues of its imaginary existence will immediately be washed out of the body and mind.
If we look at our experience the only part of it which is undoubtable is the awareness or consciousness part. Even if everything else is an illusion, I am still absolutely certain that there is awareness.
If we stay close to experience, using only our actual experience as a test of truth or reality, we will see that the body and mind do not know or experience – they are known or experienced. See clearly that it is not ‘I, the body and mind’ that is aware of the world but rather ‘I, this aware Presence’ that is aware of the body, mind and world. 
If we stay close to our own being’s experience of itself, without referring to thought, we discover that it has no knowledge of itself being born, evolving, growing old or dying.
If we wouldn’t believe to be a separate entity, we wouldn’t really think of others as separate entities either; in our thoughts, we would stay connected, more deeply even than with family members.
If you had the choice between absolute peace and happiness on the one hand and enlightenment on the other hand, what would be the smart choice?
If you want to get drunk and somebody pours wine in your glass, don’t ask: What kind of wine is this? Where did it come from? If you really want to get drunk, you say nothing. Who cares about the bottle?
Ignorance happens to be the source of all addictions. The way out of this predicament is a genuine interest in your own self, in the consciousness who is aware of your thoughts, feelings and perceptions. Let this interest become the sweetest addiction.
Ignorance is a belief that is totally devoid of supporting evidence. The only role it plays on the way is to get out of the way.
Ignorance is a self-inflicted wound. We are glued to our pet belief that we, pristine Awareness, are an object, a body-mind.
Ignorance is delusion, the belief that we experience something which we in fact don’t have the experience of. And that which we don’t have the experience of is a separate, or limited, or body dependent consciousness (by “consciousness” I mean that, whatever that is, which is reading these words right now and understands them).
In fact, we don’t know objects; we just know knowing. And what is it that knows knowing? Knowing is not known by something outside or other than itself. Knowing is known by knowing. All that is experienced in the experience of an object, other or world is knowing.
In many cases the understanding ‘Everything is Awareness, there is nobody here, there is nothing to do’ has been appropriated by the inside self and laid like a thin veneer over our much deeper feelings of separation and unhappiness – hence the new religion of non-duality.
In our decisions, we should always follow intelligence, love and beauty.
In peace and happiness we know our self as utterly independent of all appearances of the body, mind and world. That is our innate freedom.
In the intimacy of our own being, which is prior to thought, there is no time. In fact, our self is not prior to thought; without thought, there is no time present during which our self could exist. Even with thought there is no time present, but in this case at least the illusion of time is present.
In the same way, having meditated with an unwavering and one-pointed mind on the entire universe being burnt (by Kaalagni), that man becomes a god-man or attains a supreme state of manhood.
Investigate the question “how do I know that awareness is limited to and by a specific body-mind?
It is only a thought that artificially divides the current field of visual perception into a multiplicity and diversity of well-defined and discrete objects, one of which is the body. Experience itself doesn’t know any division of itself into separate objects. It knows only the seamless intimacy of seeing, the seamless intimacy of itself.
It is our simple experience that our self is present and aware but has no objective qualities. As this experiential understanding deepens, so the attempt to search for our self as an object decreases correspondingly. But the inability to know our self as an object does not mean that our self cannot be known.
It is you, who, exercising your sovereign freedom, choose to superimpose the belief in a personal, objective and limited perceiver upon the infinite and eternal awareness that you are. 
Love is simply the felt understanding that our experience is not made up of two essential entities – a separate, inside self and a separate, outside object, other or world. Love is the collapse or dissolution of this apparent duality.
Meditating every moment on the words: eternal, omnipresent, supportless, all-pervasive, master of the universe, one attains fulfillment in accordance with their meaning.
Meditating on the manifest world as imagined or illusive,like a magic show or a painting, and seeing all existence as transient, happiness arises.
Most of humanity is in a perpetual state of dissatisfaction, seeking something that cannot be found in the form in which it is conceived, and thus trapped in a cycle of dissatisfaction, punctuated by brief moments of respite. Because this respite is misinterpreted as a state of the body and mind, the cycle is perpetuated ad infinitum.
Most of the time, psychology deals only with the content of consciousness, not with consciousness itself, which it assumes to be, without any shred of scientific evidence to back it up, an “emergent function of the brain”.
Neither a corpse nor a living body can realize non dual awareness. Only awareness can know itself in its limitlessness and in its timelessness, in all its glory and love and sweetness.
Nobody can legitimately deny their own being, for even to deny oneself, one must first be present. No one asserts ‘I am’ because they have been told it by their parents or learned it in a book. Our own being is always our direct, familiar and intimate experience. It is self-evident and beyond doubt.
Now touch something that seems to be solid, and all you will find there is touching, sensing. How solid is touching or sensing? See clearly that ‘solidity’ too is a concept superimposed onto experience by thinking.
Observing the desires, which spring up in a flash, put an end to them. Then verily (the mind) will be absorbed in the very source from which they have arisen.
O gazelle-eyed one, concentrate upon all the constituents of the body pervaded by space, so that the thought becomes steady.
One should concentrate with an unwavering mind on all existence, the body and even the universe simultaneously as nothing but consciousness, then the supreme conscious-ness arises.
One should contemplate simultaneously on the entire universe or on one's own body filled with the bliss of the self. I hen through one's own nectar, one becomes alive with the supreme bliss.
One should fix his gaze on a treeless place, like bare mountains or rocks, where there is no support for the mind to dwell on. Then the modifications of the mind become less and the experience of dissolution takes place.
One should fix his sight (on the empty space) inside the pot,leaving aside the enclosing structure. Thus, the pot being gone, the mind will at once be dissolved (into the space) through that laya the mind becomes completely absorbed (n the void).
One should never think in terms of friendship or enmity. Being free from (this idea) of friend and foe, in between the brahma bhava, or nature of supreme consciousness, looms.
One should steady the gaze (without blinking) on the gross form of any object. When the mind is transfixed and made support-less (without any other thought or feeling), it at once acquires the state of shiva (transcendence).
One should think of two objects, and in the event of such knowledge being matured, then cast both aside and dwell (on the gap or space) in the middle. Having meditated in the middle, the experience of the essence arises.
One who makes no distinction between friend and foe, honor and dishonor, knowing Brahman to be full in itself (all pervading), becomes supremely happy.
Only that out of which both our thoughts and the mountains are made is changeless.
Our meditation, our investigation should arise out of an invitation from the Ultimate—out of interest and love for the truth.  In this way it is never mechanical, but always new, always different.
Our only knowledge of the sensation is the knowing of it, and that knowing belongs to the empty space of our aware Presence. It is the aliveness and knowingness of our own being that lends itself to the apparent sensation, giving it life, making it knowable, imparting reality to it.
Our self doesn’t need to know something special in order to know it is present and aware. It knows itself just by being itself, because it is by nature aware or knowing. Nor does it need to do something special, such as to think, to know that it is present.
Our self is ever-present now, and we do not experience a succession of nows. This present now is the only now there is. The now in which the body was born is the very same now in which these words are appearing. It is the only now there ever truly is.
Our self is not made out of pure knowing or Awareness like bread is made out of flour; our self simply is that. But who is the ‘our’ in ‘our self? It does not belong to a body or a mind. The self belongs to itself. It is impersonal.
Our self knows that it is present and aware by itself, through itself alone. It doesn’t need any other agent, such as a mind or a body, let alone an outside source, to confirm its own aware presence. It knows itself directly.
Our true body is a body of love and intimacy. Everything is held unconditionally within it.
Peace and happiness are not states of the body or mind. All states of the body and mind, however pleasant, appear and disappear in Awareness.
Peace may be thought of as an absence of a sense of agitation or resistance, and happiness as the absence of a sense of lack. This absence of the sense of agitation, resistance and lack is our natural condition. It is inherent in our true nature of aware Presence.
Practice always originates from the belief in a separate entity who wants to achieve something, personal happiness.
Presence if effortless.
Regarding the experience of death itself, see clearly the impossibility of it. Who or what could experience death? If there is such an experience, there is still life, consciousness, not death. You are life, and as such you cannot experience death.
Seated on a soft seat, by means of one buttock, with the hands and legs relaxed, at this time the mind becomes full of transcendence.
See clearly that, in our actual experience, it is not that the skin houses various parts of the body but rather that Awareness ‘houses’ all the sensations we call the body.
Sensing has no weight. Therefore, it is our direct and intimate experience that the body is weightless. ‘Weight’ is a concept superimposed onto our actual experience by thinking.
Sitting in a correct posture and curving the arms and hands into a circle, fix the gaze inside this space. The mind becomes peaceful by this laya.
Sometimes many words are required to reach the silence that lies beyond them.
Sometimes reason is too harsh and love wins, sometimes love is too weak and reason wins. It doesn’t matter which one wins, provided they both agree.
Spontaneous action is the normal way for normal humans to behave. The problem is that most humans are impaired by the ignorance of their real nature, which leads to abnormal behavior.
Standing above a deep hole or well and looking steadily downward (into the abyss), the mind becomes entirely free of vikalpas and dissolution immediately manifests.
That which hears and that which speaks are One.  That which hears is hearing itself speaking to itself.
That which is never ceases to be, that which is not never begins to be
That which is perceived could be an illusion, but the fact that there is consciousness perceiving this potential illusion is absolutely certain: even if the perceived is an illusion, this illusion itself reveals the reality of the perceiver, which is our real self, our”I“.
The apparently separate, inside self is always on a mission, seeking to secure happiness in the objects and relationships of the world that it conceives to be outside itself and desperately trying to alleviate the fear of death which haunts it. Between these two fires the separate self burns.
The belief that we were born, that we change, evolve, grow old and die is simply a belief to which the vast majority of humanity subscribe without realising that they are doing so. It is the religion of our culture.
The body and the world are only a body and a world from the imaginary point of view of a separate self Once it is seen that there is no body or world as they are normally conceived, this imaginary point of view dissolves and the seamlessness of experience is restored – that is, love is restored.
The body is never seen in isolation. It is only one element in the total visual field that always includes aspects of the world as well. And the total visual field is, at any given moment, one seamless whole, made only of seeing.
The body is usually considered to be a container of skin, full of solid objects such as organs and bones. Close your eyes and go directly to the actual experience of the body.
The discovery that our self is not essentially a body or a mind, but is in fact the aware being or Presence that knows or witnesses them, has radical and profound implications.
The discovery that our self is not essentially a body or a mind, but is in fact the aware being or Presence that knows or witnesses them, has radical and profound implications. 
The discovery that peace, happiness and love are ever-present within our own being and completely available at every moment of experience, under all conditions, is the single most important discovery that one can make.
The effort we make that gives rise to the feeling that we are something other than Presence is what defines the apparent separate entity. It is simply the process of dualising thinking, by which the ever-present seamlessness of experience is divided up into an apparent multiplicity of objects and entities, one of which is deemed to be ‘me’ and all the rest ‘not me’.
The essential form of the separate self is a thought that imagines that our self, aware Presence, does not pervade all experience intimately and equally but rather just pervades one little part of it, this cluster of thoughts and feelings here called ‘me, the body/mind’.
The experience of consciousness itself, of pure consciousness, is available to us, for it is only from the direct experience of consciousness that the knowledge of its existence can be derived with such a level of certainty. Any knowledge derived from hearsay, inference, assumption or belief would leave residues of doubt.
The eye trough which God sees me and the eye through which I see God are the same eye.
The happiness and love are, in fact, always being felt, but modulated through the prism of the separate-self thought they are experienced as a state of longing or desire. Hence even the agitated states of longing and desire are an expression of our innate happiness. Even hatred comes from love.
The “I” first chooses ignorance and as a result creates ignorant thoughts and feelings. They are negative because they arise out of frustration. Ignorance is the most basic of all frustrations: it frustrates us from what we are.
The knowing with which all seeming things are known belongs to our own being, the transparent, luminous presence of Awareness. And all that is known is knowing. All that is truly known is the light of our own being, pure Awareness. It always only ever knows itself.
The longing for happiness and the fear of death are, in fact, two aspects of the same syndrome. The syndrome is the imaginary inside self. Future generations may one day diagnose this SSS – Separate Self Syndrome – from which the vast majority of humanity suffers and which is the main cause of most psychological unhappiness.
The longing for happiness that characterises most of our activities is only a longing to taste the happiness that is inherent and ever-present in our true nature and that has been temporarily eclipsed by our rejection of the current situation, our rejection of this, now.
The most common form of ignorance in modern civilization is the belief that awareness is a product of mind, and mind a product of matter, a view which is at odds with the simplicity of our direct experience, for the foundation, the centrality of our direct experience resides in awareness.
The most marvelous thing is the fact that there is something rather than nothing, that there is being and consciousness, and this is already happening here and now!
The next feeling is God’s feeling.
The next thought that comes is God’s thought.
The peace of our true being doesn’t get revealed by the elimination of objects, but rather through our overlooking of the objects, through this dispassionate welcoming.  The object being contemplated with this indifference liberates the awareness, makes it available to itself.
The perfect human community is not made of identical soldiers, wearing the same uniform, saluting everything that moves, but of free spirits, happy, artistic, creative, non judgmental, diverse, like the flowers on the meadow.
The purpose of art is to give us a taste of this seamless, indivisible intimacy and oneness of experience.
The reality of bhairava dwells everywhere, even in ordinary people. By contemplating thus, "There is nothing other than Him," one attains the non-dual state (of homogeneous awareness).
The Reality of our experience is that which truly, really perceives it, whatever that is.
The reality of our human experience and the reality of the universe is the same reality
The reality of our human experience is consciousness
The real question is: is consciousness, which is the reality of our human experience, separate and personal, or could it be universal (or divine)?
There are two kinds of thoughts, thoughts that hinge upon the belief  and/or the feeling that we are a separate person, and thoughts that don’t. Only the first kind is problematic.
There are two types of seeking: seeking what is, and seeking what will be, what ought to be. The latter leads nowhere, the former ends with the experience of our true nature.
There is no problem with trying to fulfill a desire as long as we enjoy the trying. If the trying becomes a chore, stop it. Stick to happiness instead of projects.
There is nothing to do, nothing to be done in the future and, moreover, there is nothing we can do because as a person we can do nothing.  Our doing as a person is only an illusion, a mock doing.
There is only happiness or the longing for happiness, but never the absence of happiness; only love or the veiling of love and the subsequent search for it, but never the absence of it.
There is only one reality
There is only peace, happiness and love, or the veiling of them, but never their absence.
The same consciousness shines in all beings
The separate self cannot experience peace, happiness and love. It can only die in it.
The separate self thrives on inadvertence, and these deep, dark layers of feeling in the body are an ideal hiding place for it. The separate, inside self is, in fact, just a bodily sensation with a ‘me’ story attached to it. Divested of the story, the sensation itself is no more ‘me’ or ‘not me’ than the sound of traffic or the sight of the sky. However, as long as this is not clearly seen, the ‘me-ness’ of the body endures.
The way that leads to the gate of Truth is indicated by rational, logical, intelligent concepts. The street that leads to the gate of Love is paved with compassionate, all-including, non-judgmental feelings. The path that leads to the gate of beauty is adorned by harmonious, balanced, rhythmical sense perceptions. There are many more gates.
The world is like a dream in that sense that it doesn’t exist independently from consciousness. However, it is not like a dream in that sense that it does exist independently from any individual mind.
This experience of Awareness knowing itself admits of no otherness, distance or separation. At the same time it is made out of the pure intimacy of our own being. This utter intimacy and lack of otherness is the experience of love. Everything, all seeming things, are made out of love alone.
This self-awareness, or Awareness’s knowing of itself, may be eclipsed by the appearance of a thought or feeling but it is never extinguished by it, just as the screen is never truly veiled by the appearance of an image, although it may seem to be.
Thoughts, feelings, sensations, images, memories and perceptions change, but the self that knows or experiences them does not.
Thoughts, sensations and perceptions may be agitated or calm, but we, the aware Presence that knows or experiences them, do not share their qualities. We are the empty, aware space that cannot be agitated by any appearance of the mind, body or world.
To speak the truth and to live the truth are not two separate experiences, and the one that matters is to live the truth. Whatever is said from the experience of living the truth, no matter how dualistic, or even sometimes childish it may seem to be, is true. Whatever is said from ignorance, no matter how logical it may seem to be, is false.
“To think or not to think?” is not the question. “Does this thought originate from ignorance or from Presence?” is the relevant question here, for the thought that originates directly from the Absolute has the power to take us back to its source.
True prayer, true meditation cannot be manufactured.
Ultimately, all desires are an expression of the peace, happiness and love that is our self, but if this is not clearly understood, happiness and love will always seem to be the goal of our activities and relationships rather than their source.
Understand that everything that happens is just the way the universe is unfolding at that moment, at that location. And there are many beautiful, interesting things waiting to happen.
Unlike objective experience which leaves always a margin of doubt, noumenal knowledge gives us absolute certainty. We are absolutely certain to be conscious. This knowledge is acquired through direct experience.
We are consciousness and the rest is consciousness.
We are right to feel that the body is real, whole and independent, but its reality, wholeness and independence belong to our self, not to an apparent object.
We, aware Presence, have no resistance to anything, nor do we lack anything. Awareness simply does not know lack or resistance. It is very easy to check that this is true in our experience. In order to experience anything, that apparent thing must first appear in Awareness, and for it to appear in Awareness, Awareness must already have said ‘Yes’ to it.
We cannot identify with that which we are, since we are it already, but we can de-identify from that which we are not. The moment that-which-we-are-not is totally welcomed, it is seen for what it is, a mere appearance in the infinite Presence which is our true Being. 
We can perceive the body and the world free from any psychological interference, free from the superimposition of a ‘me,’ from fear and desire, from like and dislike.  See just the facts, the facts of the world, of the body, of the mind as they arise.
We have become so accustomed to thinking and, more importantly, to feeling that our own being shares the limits of the body that we now take it for granted. Subsequently most, if not all, of our thoughts, feelings, activities and relationships express this fundamental presumption.
We have been conditioned to see consciousness as a limited object located in time and space, somewhere between the ears. This childish belief, or one of its variations, is the root of the ignorance of our true nature.
We have forgotten our essential identity of pure aware being and allowed it to become mixed up with the characteristics and qualities that define the body and mind. Most people live almost constantly in this state of amnesia and their lives are a reflection of that simple forgetting. 
We have forgotten that we are the one that is aware of thoughts, feelings, images and sensations and instead believe and, more importantly, feel that we actually are those thoughts, feelings, images and sensations. 
We have to understand that no matter how smart the mind is, in the end it cannot understand Presence.  Only Presence feels Presence. 
We never actually experience a hand, table, body, mind, world, other, object, ‘me’ or ‘not me’. If we strip away all these labels that thinking superimposes onto experience, all that remains is Awareness, which is another name for the seamless totality of experience.
We regain our freedom the moment we cease to believe and to feel that we are a separate person. The action, thought, feeling, attraction, that arises in the absence of such a belief or feeling is in harmony with the cosmos. 
We will never be able to explain the subject in terms of objects, no matter how sophisticated they are, or to explain consciousness through the mind. It is also a waste of time and energy to try to explain ignorance using a body-mind based model, because there is at the core of ignorance an element of freedom which cannot be reduced to a body-mind mechanism. Ignorance is a choice of consciousness.
Whatever is done out of interest is true meditation. That may include thinking about the truth, investigating the body experience, or sitting quietly without any goal in mind.
Whatever we give our attention to flourishes. Whatever we give our attention to becomes our reality. In giving attention to our self of aware Presence, attention is relieved of its direction, focus or tension and stands revealed as Presence itself.
What I am saying here is in fact very simple: our seemingly ordinary consciousness, the one that perceives the events of our daily life, is in fact extraordinary, universal, eternal and divine.
What we truly love or long for is never an object or a person. If an object or person were truly the source of happiness and love, then once it was acquired it would continue to deliver the happiness and love we seek.
When desire or knowledge arises, one should fix the mind there, thinking that to be the very self. Making the mind absolutely one-pointed (in this way), he realizes the essence of the tattwas.
Whenever there is satisfaction of mind and the mind is held there alone, the nature of supreme bliss manifests.
When great joy is obtained (through any event such as) meeting with relatives, one should meditate on that with one-pointedness, until the mind becomes absorbed and the bliss ever arises.
When it becomes clear that there is no separate, inside self, the very same world confirms this new understanding in our experience. This is the magical nature of the world: it seems to confirm both the belief in duality and the understanding of non-duality.
When lust, anger, greed, delusion, arrogance and jealousy are seen (within), having fixed the mind completely (on these), the underlying tattwa, or essence, alone remains.
When one meditates on one's own self in the form of unlimited space (in all) directions, the mind is suspended and shakti in the form of consciousness is revealed as the form of one's own self.
When one perceives a particular object, vacuity is established regarding all other objects. Contemplating on that (vacuity) verily, even though the particular object is still known or perceived, the mind rests in tranquility.
When one-pointed awareness on the prolonged inner sounds of different musical instruments, such as stringed, wind and percussion, is gradually established, in the end the body becomes the supreme space.
When the intellect becomes steady, formless and without any support, meditation is verified. Imagination of the form of the divine with a body, eyes, mouth, hands, etc. is not meditation.
When the mind is restrained to one object of awareness,casting all others aside and not allowing movement to lake place from one to another, then inside that perception the awareness blossoms.
When you believe that you are mortal you don’t know love, and when you know love you don’t believe that you are mortal. How do you know consciousness dies? In the absence of evidence, just stop believing it does.
Wherever the eye falls is the face of God
Wherever the mind dwells, casting that aside that very moment, the mind becomes supportless and free from disturbance.
While in the private space, think and feel only from truth, love, and beauty. While in the public space, perceive and act only from that same place.
While sitting or lying down, one should think of one's own body as being support-less (suspended in space). Then, in a moment (the samskaras or thought constructs) of the mind being reduced, it ceases to be a reservoir (of old mental dispositions).
Why do we enjoy watching movies or listening to music? Sharing tender words and gestures? Telling jokes? Should there be a narrow, rational or utilitarian explanation for everything we do?
You are the beauty in everything you behold.
You are the intelligence in everything you understand.
You are the love in everything you love.
You are the sweetness in all things.
Your awareness, my awareness and God’s awareness are the same awareness which is the substance of all things.
Your body is in you. You are not in it.
Your primary duty is to be happy, not to work in order to be happy.
